Release 25.1 changelog (#542)
seqeralabs/docs: platform-cloud/docs/studios/managing.mdx

## Migrate a Studio from an earlier container image template

> As Studios matures and new versions of JupyterLab, RStudio Server, Visual Studio Code, and Xpra are released, new Seqera-provided image templates will be periodically released including updated versions of Seqera Connect. The most recent container template images will be tagged `recommended` and earlier template images will be tagged `deprecated`. There are also `experimental` templates for which we don't have full support and might be removed completely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As Studios matures and new versions of JupyterLab, RStudio Server, Visual Studio Code, and Xpra are released, new Seqera-provided image templates will be periodically released including updated versions of Seqera Connect. The most recent container template images will be tagged `recommended` and earlier template images will be tagged `deprecated`. 

:::info
Temporary container templates tagged with `experimental` are not supported and should not be used in production environments.
:::
```
